>> Steve: Here's an example and we're
purposely not using AJAX in this case.
We'll go ahead and
fetch some file called beatles.jpg.
And when that happens,
we do need to decode this response.
Because fetch can handle
more than just text,
we do need to tell it how to do that.
What were you expecting, right?
Okay, how we handle an image is different
than how we handle a string of text and
we need to be aware of that and
tell fetch.
Under the hood,
fetch actually streams the data through.
So you can kinda get it as it
comes in rather than waiting for
all of it with the exception of JSON,
because you need to have
the entire object to see where it ends,
and stuff along those lines.
And you could write your own
streaming decoder, right?
You can write something as bytes come in,
you wanna do stuff with it.
And if you have a very
specialized use case, I think.
So a SendGrid, a user can upload
a CSV of all of their contacts
the first time they start out, right?
We might want to be able to like
parse those rows as they come in.
That's a special use case that we
could write a decoder for that, but
like the thing with making
promises versus receiving them.
99.99% of the time, you're usually dealing
with some kind of text that's just
a normal sized amount of text,
some kind of image.
So I'm kinda JSON, right?
You can get down in the weeds if you want,
but there are these helpers in here that
will help you which I'll actually take
a look at the rest of them in a second.
So yeah, we get, in this case,
the blob w hich is the image.
We decode it and
then it's available for us.
Now you could be like hey, why can't I
just take a string and put it in there?
Well, we do have the full
response object and
we're able to do that separately
from putting one of the widgets.
We've loaded it outside
of making an image.
If you were to put the string in,
then the browser would begin to load it.
In this case, we have the full
response object and this URL,
createObjectURL will create what we
would need to set into an image tag.
>> Steve: Mike, do you have any questions?
>> Mike: Yeah, well, it's not a question.
I wanna be the non question person.
I just wanna be clear that like for
those browsers that have
implemented fetch, all requests for
external resources go through
the same pathway that fetch uses.
So when we're talking about,
you can use this function called fetch and
you pass an URL, that same exact
pathway is used when you have a source
attribute on an image tag or
a script tag for downloading JavaScript.
Everything kind of goes
through that same pathway.
So think of it like once a browser
has gotten through that point,
fetches go one path for getting stuff.
And that is by the way,
why there is this reverse Polyfield
to like allow Ajax to keep working.
But ultimately,
it's going through the same path as fetch.
>> Steve: Put a mental bookmark on that,
cuz it's gonna become useful later.